1. Who developed python Porgramming language?
Ans. Guido van Rossum

2. which type of programming does python support?
Ans. supporting object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.

3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Yes 

4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans. '.py'

5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted?
Ans. Python is interpreted programming language.

6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language?
Ans. Indentation

7. State a character used to give single-line comments in python?
Ans. "#"

8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans. sys.version

9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a constructor called 
Ans. lambda

10. What does pip stand for python?
Ans. pip stands for preferred installer program

11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans. print(), type(), int(), input(), range(), etc.

12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
Ans. 79 characters.

13. Whta are the benefits of using python?
Ans. Python is general-purpose used in almost all fields, including: Data Science, Scientific and mathematical computing, 
	Web development, Finance and trading, System automation and administration, Computer Graphics, Basic game development,
	Security and penetration testing, General and application-specific scripting, etc.

14. How is memory managed in python?
Ans. -> Memory in Python is managed by Python private heap space. All Python objects and data structures are located in a private heap. 
        This private heap is taken care of by Python Interpreter itself, and a programmer 
        doesn’t have access to this private heap.
     -> Python memory manager takes care of the allocation of Python private heap space.
     -> Memory for Python private heap space is made available by Python’s in-built garbage collector, which recycles and 
        frees up all the unused memory.

15. How to install Python on Windlows and set path variables?
Ans. -> Install python from this link https://www.python.org/downloads/
        After this, install it on your PC. Look for the location where PYTHON has been installed on your PC using tge 
        following command on your command prompt: cmd python.
     -> Then go to advanced system settings and add new variable and name it as PYTHON_NAME and paste the copied path.
     -> Then look for the path variable, select it's value and select edit
     -> Add a semicolon towards the end of the value if it's not present and then type %PYTHON_HOME%